# GcpMarketplaceEntitlement

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Account** | Pointer to **string** | The resource name of the account that this entitlement is based on, if any, in format \&quot;\&quot;providers/{provider_id}/accounts/{account_id}\&quot; | [optional] 
**Consumers** | Pointer to [**[]GcpMarketplaceConsumer**](GcpMarketplaceConsumer.md) | The resources using this entitlement, if applicable. | [optional] 
**CreateTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Entitlement Id generated by GCP Marketplace. For Marketplace pub/sub event. | [optional] 
**InputProperties** | Pointer to **[]int32** | The custom properties that were collected from the user to create this entitlement. | [optional] 
**MessageToUser** | Pointer to **string** | Provider-supplied message that is displayed to the end user. Currently this is used to communicate progress and ETA for provisioning. This field can be updated only when a user is waiting for an action from the provider, i.e. entitlement state is EntitlementState.ENTITLEMENT_ACTIVATION_REQUESTED or EntitlementState.ENTITLEMENT_PENDING_PLAN_CHANGE_APPROVAL. This field is cleared automatically when the entitlement state changes. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The resource name of the entitlement. Entitlement names have the form of &#x60;providers/{provider_id}/entitlements/{entitlement_id}&#x60;. | [optional] 
**NewOfferDuration** | Pointer to **string** | in ISO 8601 duration format, such as \&quot;P2Y3M\&quot;. For Marketplace pub/sub event. | [optional] 
**NewOfferEndTime** | Pointer to **string** | Output only. The end time of the new offer. Field is empty if the pending plan change is not moving to an offer. If the offer was created with a term instead of a specified end date, this field is empty. | [optional] 
**NewOfferStartTime** | Pointer to **string** | Output only. The start time of the new offer. Field is empty if the pending plan change is not moving to an offer. | [optional] 
**NewPendingOffer** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the offer the entitlement is switching to upon a pending plan change. Only exists if the pending plan change is moving to an offer. Format: &#39;projects/{project}/services/{service}/privateOffers/{offer-id}&#39; OR &#39;projects/{project}/services/{service}/standardOffers/{offer-id}&#39;, depending on whether the offer is private or public. | [optional] 
**NewPendingOfferDuration** | Pointer to **string** | The offer duration of the new offer in ISO 8601 duration format. Field is empty if the pending plan change is not moving to an offer since the entitlement is not pending, only the plan change is pending. | [optional] 
**NewPendingPlan** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier of the pending new plan. Required if the product has plans and the entitlement has a pending plan change. | [optional] 
**NewPlan** | Pointer to **string** | When the buyer changes plan, For Marketplace pub/sub event. | [optional] 
**Offer** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the offer that was procured. Field is empty if order was not made using an offer. Format: &#39;projects/{project}/services/{service}/privateOffers/{offer-id}&#39; OR &#39;projects/{project}/services/{service}/standardOffers/{offer-id}&#39;, depending on whether the offer is private or public. | [optional] 
**OfferDuration** | Pointer to **string** | The offer duration of the current offer in ISO 8601 duration format. Field is empty if entitlement was not made using an offer, such as \&quot;P1Y\&quot;, \&quot;P2M\&quot; | [optional] 
**OfferEffectiveTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When the offer is effective. | [optional] 
**OfferEndTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Output only. End time for the Offer association corresponding to this entitlement. The field is only populated if the entitlement is currently associated with an Offer. | [optional] 
**Plan** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier of the plan that was procured. Required if the product has plans. | [optional] 
**Product** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier of the entity that was purchased. This may actually represent a product, quote, or offer. For Private offer, \&quot;projects/project-id/services/product-id.endpoints.partner-id.cloud.goog/privateOffers/private-offer-id\&quot; | [optional] 
**ProductExternalName** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier of the product that was procured. | [optional] 
**Provider** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the service provider under Cloud Commerce platform that this entitlement was created against. | [optional] 
**QuoteExternalName** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier of the quote that was used to procure, such as the private offer Id. Empty if the order is not purchased using a quote. | [optional] 
**State** | Pointer to [**GcpMarketplaceEntitlementState**](GcpMarketplaceEntitlementState.md) | Enums of the Entitlement State. https://cloud.google.com/marketplace/docs/partners/commerce-procurement-api/reference/rest/v1/providers.entitlements#EntitlementState | [optional] 
**SubscriptionEndTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The End time for the subscription corresponding to this entitlement. | [optional] 
**UpdateTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The last update timestamp. It is the endTime for the cancelled entitlement. | [optional] 
**UsageReportingId** | Pointer to **string** | The consumerId to use when reporting usage through the Service Control API. See the consumerId field at Reporting Metrics (https://cloud.google.com/service-control/reporting-metrics) for more details. This field is present only if the product has usage-based billing configured. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlement

`func NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlement() *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement`

NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlement instantiates a new GcpMarketplaceEntitlement object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlementWithDefaults

`func NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlementWithDefaults() *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement`

NewGcpMarketplaceEntitlementWithDefaults instantiates a new GcpMarketplaceEntitlement object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccount

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetAccount() string`

GetAccount returns the Account field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountOk returns a tuple with the Account field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccount

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetAccount(v string)`

SetAccount sets Account field to given value.

### HasAccount

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasAccount() bool`

HasAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConsumers

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetConsumers() []GcpMarketplaceConsumer`

GetConsumers returns the Consumers field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConsumersOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetConsumersOk() (*[]GcpMarketplaceConsumer, bool)`

GetConsumersOk returns a tuple with the Consumers field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConsumers

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetConsumers(v []GcpMarketplaceConsumer)`

SetConsumers sets Consumers field to given value.

### HasConsumers

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasConsumers() bool`

HasConsumers returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetCreateTime() time.Time`

GetCreateTime returns the CreateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetCreateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreateTimeOk returns a tuple with the CreateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetCreateTime(v time.Time)`

SetCreateTime sets CreateTime field to given value.

### HasCreateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasCreateTime() bool`

HasCreateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInputProperties

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetInputProperties() []int32`

GetInputProperties returns the InputProperties field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputPropertiesOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetInputPropertiesOk() (*[]int32, bool)`

GetInputPropertiesOk returns a tuple with the InputProperties field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInputProperties

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetInputProperties(v []int32)`

SetInputProperties sets InputProperties field to given value.

### HasInputProperties

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasInputProperties() bool`

HasInputProperties returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessageToUser

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetMessageToUser() string`

GetMessageToUser returns the MessageToUser field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageToUserOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetMessageToUserOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMessageToUserOk returns a tuple with the MessageToUser field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessageToUser

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetMessageToUser(v string)`

SetMessageToUser sets MessageToUser field to given value.

### HasMessageToUser

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasMessageToUser() bool`

HasMessageToUser returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferDuration() string`

GetNewOfferDuration returns the NewOfferDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewOfferDurationOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferDurationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewOfferDurationOk returns a tuple with the NewOfferDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewOfferDuration(v string)`

SetNewOfferDuration sets NewOfferDuration field to given value.

### HasNewOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewOfferDuration() bool`

HasNewOfferDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferEndTime() string`

GetNewOfferEndTime returns the NewOfferEndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewOfferEndTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferEndTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewOfferEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the NewOfferEndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewOfferEndTime(v string)`

SetNewOfferEndTime sets NewOfferEndTime field to given value.

### HasNewOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewOfferEndTime() bool`

HasNewOfferEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewOfferStartTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferStartTime() string`

GetNewOfferStartTime returns the NewOfferStartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewOfferStartTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewOfferStartTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewOfferStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the NewOfferStartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewOfferStartTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewOfferStartTime(v string)`

SetNewOfferStartTime sets NewOfferStartTime field to given value.

### HasNewOfferStartTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewOfferStartTime() bool`

HasNewOfferStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewPendingOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingOffer() string`

GetNewPendingOffer returns the NewPendingOffer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewPendingOfferOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingOfferOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewPendingOfferOk returns a tuple with the NewPendingOffer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewPendingOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewPendingOffer(v string)`

SetNewPendingOffer sets NewPendingOffer field to given value.

### HasNewPendingOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewPendingOffer() bool`

HasNewPendingOffer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewPendingOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingOfferDuration() string`

GetNewPendingOfferDuration returns the NewPendingOfferDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewPendingOfferDurationOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingOfferDurationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewPendingOfferDurationOk returns a tuple with the NewPendingOfferDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewPendingOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewPendingOfferDuration(v string)`

SetNewPendingOfferDuration sets NewPendingOfferDuration field to given value.

### HasNewPendingOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewPendingOfferDuration() bool`

HasNewPendingOfferDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewPendingPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingPlan() string`

GetNewPendingPlan returns the NewPendingPlan field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewPendingPlanOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPendingPlanOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewPendingPlanOk returns a tuple with the NewPendingPlan field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewPendingPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewPendingPlan(v string)`

SetNewPendingPlan sets NewPendingPlan field to given value.

### HasNewPendingPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewPendingPlan() bool`

HasNewPendingPlan returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPlan() string`

GetNewPlan returns the NewPlan field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewPlanOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetNewPlanOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNewPlanOk returns a tuple with the NewPlan field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetNewPlan(v string)`

SetNewPlan sets NewPlan field to given value.

### HasNewPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasNewPlan() bool`

HasNewPlan returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOffer() string`

GetOffer returns the Offer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOfferOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOfferOk returns a tuple with the Offer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetOffer(v string)`

SetOffer sets Offer field to given value.

### HasOffer

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasOffer() bool`

HasOffer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferDuration() string`

GetOfferDuration returns the OfferDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOfferDurationOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferDurationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOfferDurationOk returns a tuple with the OfferDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetOfferDuration(v string)`

SetOfferDuration sets OfferDuration field to given value.

### HasOfferDuration

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasOfferDuration() bool`

HasOfferDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOfferEffectiveTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferEffectiveTime() time.Time`

GetOfferEffectiveTime returns the OfferEffectiveTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOfferEffectiveTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferEffectiveTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetOfferEffectiveTimeOk returns a tuple with the OfferEffectiveTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOfferEffectiveTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetOfferEffectiveTime(v time.Time)`

SetOfferEffectiveTime sets OfferEffectiveTime field to given value.

### HasOfferEffectiveTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasOfferEffectiveTime() bool`

HasOfferEffectiveTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferEndTime() time.Time`

GetOfferEndTime returns the OfferEndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOfferEndTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetOfferEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetOfferEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the OfferEndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetOfferEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetOfferEndTime sets OfferEndTime field to given value.

### HasOfferEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasOfferEndTime() bool`

HasOfferEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetPlan() string`

GetPlan returns the Plan field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPlanOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetPlanOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPlanOk returns a tuple with the Plan field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetPlan(v string)`

SetPlan sets Plan field to given value.

### HasPlan

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasPlan() bool`

HasPlan returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProduct

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProduct() string`

GetProduct returns the Product field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProductOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProductOk returns a tuple with the Product field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProduct

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetProduct(v string)`

SetProduct sets Product field to given value.

### HasProduct

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasProduct() bool`

HasProduct returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProductExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProductExternalName() string`

GetProductExternalName returns the ProductExternalName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductExternalNameOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProductExternalNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProductExternalNameOk returns a tuple with the ProductExternalName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetProductExternalName(v string)`

SetProductExternalName sets ProductExternalName field to given value.

### HasProductExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasProductExternalName() bool`

HasProductExternalName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProvider

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProvider() string`

GetProvider returns the Provider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProviderOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProviderOk returns a tuple with the Provider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProvider

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetProvider(v string)`

SetProvider sets Provider field to given value.

### HasProvider

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasProvider() bool`

HasProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuoteExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetQuoteExternalName() string`

GetQuoteExternalName returns the QuoteExternalName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteExternalNameOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetQuoteExternalNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteExternalNameOk returns a tuple with the QuoteExternalName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetQuoteExternalName(v string)`

SetQuoteExternalName sets QuoteExternalName field to given value.

### HasQuoteExternalName

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasQuoteExternalName() bool`

HasQuoteExternalName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetState

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetState() GcpMarketplaceEntitlementState`

GetState returns the State field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetStateOk() (*GcpMarketplaceEntitlementState, bool)`

GetStateOk returns a tuple with the State field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetState

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetState(v GcpMarketplaceEntitlementState)`

SetState sets State field to given value.

### HasState

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasState() bool`

HasState returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubscriptionEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetSubscriptionEndTime() time.Time`

GetSubscriptionEndTime returns the SubscriptionEndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubscriptionEndTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetSubscriptionEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetSubscriptionEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the SubscriptionEndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubscriptionEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetSubscriptionEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetSubscriptionEndTime sets SubscriptionEndTime field to given value.

### HasSubscriptionEndTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasSubscriptionEndTime() bool`

HasSubscriptionEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetUpdateTime() time.Time`

GetUpdateTime returns the UpdateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdateTimeOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetUpdateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdateTimeOk returns a tuple with the UpdateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetUpdateTime(v time.Time)`

SetUpdateTime sets UpdateTime field to given value.

### HasUpdateTime

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasUpdateTime() bool`

HasUpdateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUsageReportingId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetUsageReportingId() string`

GetUsageReportingId returns the UsageReportingId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsageReportingIdOk

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) GetUsageReportingIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsageReportingIdOk returns a tuple with the UsageReportingId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsageReportingId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) SetUsageReportingId(v string)`

SetUsageReportingId sets UsageReportingId field to given value.

### HasUsageReportingId

`func (o *GcpMarketplaceEntitlement) HasUsageReportingId() bool`

HasUsageReportingId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


